The universe began with a massive explosion known as the Big Bang. The Big Bang is thought to have occurred 13.7 billion years ago, and since this explosion, the universe has been continually expanding, with various galaxies being formed. Within this universe, there are hundreds of billions of galaxies, and our galaxy consists of 200 billion stars. Among them is the Sun, and Earth is a small planet revolving around the Sun. 
This is the winter sky of Korea. Only the bright sun floats in the sky. But in fact, there are also stars in the sky. Many people think they can't see the stars because of the bright sunlight. The truth is that you can't see the stars because the sunlight is scattered and dispersed by the Earth's atmosphere.
Can you see the stars in the sky? Even during the day, the stars are up in the sky, they just aren't visible. 
As the day fades, the sun quietly sets beyond the western horizon. Various colorful, beautiful stars gradually begin to appear in the sky. Now, countless stars as if silver dust has been sprinkled, are floating in the sky. 
If you look up at the southern sky, you can see a constellation of four bright stars forming a large rectangle. This is Orion, considered to be the most beautiful in the winter night sky, shaped like a traditional Korean musical instrument called Janggu. The magnificent hunter Orion appears holding a sword or a club in one hand, and a shield in the other. Orion is the only constellation in the sky that has two first-magnitude stars, the red first-magnitude Betelgeuse and the blue first-magnitude Rigel located diagonally, and three stars in a row in the middle that correspond to Orion's belt, which are called the Three Kings. 
The red first-magnitude star Betelgeuse is a very large star, about 500 times the diameter of the Sun, and is a supergiant star with the meaning of the giant's right armpit, 
and Rigel means the giant's left leg in Arabic. 
The brightness of Betelgeuse and Rigel are almost similar, but Betelgeuse is red, and Rigel is blue. This is because of the surface temperature of the stars. Stars appear blue if their surface temperature is high, and red if it is low. 
The third brightest gamma star is Bellatrix, located on the right shoulder of Orion. The name Bellatrix means female warrior in Latin, referring to the giant's right shoulder.
The three stars located on Orion's waist are called the Three Kings, and below them is the famous Orion Nebula.
The Orion Nebula, about 1,500 light-years from Earth, looks like a flame or a butterfly spreading its wings. 
1If you look inside this nebula, you can see four stars forming a trapezoid. This is called Trapezium. These trapeziums are newborn baby stars born inside the Orion Nebula. The reason the Orion Nebula shines brightly is due to the ultraviolet energy coming from this trapezium, and a nebula that emits light like this is called an emission nebula. New stars are still being born here.
Shall we go near the leading star Alnitak of the Three Kings? It's like the horse's head. This is the Horsehead Nebula. 
The part that appears dark like the horse's head is a nebula that does not emit light itself and absorbs all the light from the stars or other nebulae, and such nebula is called the Dark Nebula.
If you extend the Three Kings of Orion to the southeast, you will find Sirius in Canis Major. In the East, this star is called the Sky Wolf Star. Sirius means 'shining brightly', and true to its name, it is the brightest star in the night sky that we can see.
Procyon, the first-magnitude star of Canis Minor, is located about three times the distance between Betelgeuse and its neighboring star from Orion's Betelgeuse. If you connect Betelgeuse in Orion, Sirius in Canis Major, and Procyon in Canis Minor, you will get a large triangle, which is used as a standard for finding winter constellations and is called the Winter Triangle. 
Above Canis Minor, you can see two bright stars facing each other, and this constellation is Gemini. Of these two stars, the younger star Pollux is a first-magnitude star, and the elder star Castor is a second-magnitude star. In the very old days, Castor was brighter than Pollux, but over time the brightness changed and now Pollux is brighter than Castor.
 This Gemini constellation contains the planetary nebula Eskimo Nebula, which was created when a star died. It is named the Eskimo Nebula because it looks like one wearing a fur hat. 
Also, there is an open cluster M35 in the leg of big brother Castor.
To the east of Gemini is Cancer, the dimmest constellation among the 88 constellations. It is a constellation that is difficult to observe in the city, but there is a very famous open cluster in this Cancer. 
The open cluster M44 named Praesepe is also called the Beehive Cluster.
To the northwest of Gemini is a constellation in the shape of a pentagon, which is Auriga. The brightest yellow first-magnitude star in Auriga is Capella, which is also famous as the first-magnitude star closest to Polaris. Capella means 'mother goat'. 
If you extend the star in the south of Auriga's Capella, you will see a red first-magnitude star, that is Aldebaran, the first-magnitude star of Taurus. Aldebaran is a bright star that glows red from the eyes of Taurus. 
The face of the bull is in the shape of a V, and the stars here are mostly star clusters born at the same time, which are called the Hyades cluster. 
Near the zeta star in the south horn of Taurus, there is the Crab Nebula, the remnants of a supernova explosion.
In the part corresponding to the shoulder of the bull, you can see a beautiful open cluster of young blue stars huddled together. 
These stars are called the Pleiades cluster. If you look at these stars through a telescope, they look as if they have fog around them, which is a phenomenon that appears because the gas and dust around the stars reflect the starlight, and a nebula that shines by reflecting the surrounding starlight is called a reflection nebula. 
The Pleiades Cluster can be seen even without binoculars or a telescope. People with really good eyesight can see seven stars, so it is also called the Seven Sisters or the Seven Princesses. 
On the winter night sky, you can see a special shape besides the large triangle. If you connect Rigel in Orion, Sirius in Canis Major, Procyon in Canis Minor, Pollux in Gemini, Capella in Auriga, and Aldebaran in Taurus, a large hexagonal shape appears. This appearance is like a sparkling diamond, so it is sometimes called the Winter Diamond. 
There has been a way to find the direction in the night sky for a long time. The best way to find the direction in the sky is to find Polaris. In the fall and winter, the method of finding Polaris from Cassiopeia is mainly used. 
Polaris is located behind your head, so it's hard to see, so let's change the direction of north and south for a moment. 
Now let's find Polaris using Cassiopeia. 
Of the five stars in Cassiopeia, we extend these two stars, 
Caph and Sedar, backwards, 
and we also extend Segin and Ruchbah backwards 
then the two extended lines will meet at one point.
If you go five times the distance between this point and the middle star, 
you can find Polaris, which shines from the tail of Ursa Minor.
Having found Polaris, let's now find the direction in the night sky. The direction straight down from Polaris becomes north. The opposite side would be the south. When you face Polaris, the right side is the east and the left side is the west.
As the countless stars that told the story of the universe in the night sky begin to fade one by one, the curtains of the night stage descend.
